1-Explain about AWS shared responsibility model
Ans:-Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. 
     This shared model can help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS operates, manages and controls the components from the host operating system.
a) AWS responsibility “Security of the Cloud” - AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. 
This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services.

b) Customer responsibility “Security in the Cloud” – Customer responsibility will be determined by the AWS Cloud services that a customer selects. This determines the amount of configuration work the customer must perform as part of their security responsibilities.
 For example, a service such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is categorized as Infrastructure as a Service.

2- what is IAM service?
Ans :-AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that helps you securely control access to AWS resources.
     You use IAM to control who is authenticated (signed in) and authorized (has permissions) to use resources.

3-What is Iam user , Iam role ,IAM group  and policy?
a) IAM users:-An IAM user is an entity that you create in AWS. The IAM user represents the person or service who uses the IAM user to interact with AWS
b) IAM user groups:-An IAM user group is a collection of IAM users. You can use user groups to specify permissions for a collection of users,
                    which can make those permissions easier to manage for those users
c) IAM roles:-An IAM role is very similar to a user, in that it is an identity with permission policies that determine what the identity can and cannot do in AWS.
              However, a role does not have any credentials (password or access keys) associated with it.
d) IAM policies:- it define permissions for an action regardless of the method that you use to perform the operation.
                  For example, if a policy allows the GetUser action, then a user with that policy can get user information from the AWS Management Console, the AWS CLI, or the AWS API.